what's up guys this is what's my game we
are playing Elder Scrolls online I'm
showing you the three best cities in the
three alliances to make the most amount
of money through stealing and
deconstructing your weapons and armor
this is in the town of Marburg and it's
in the first Alda Mary Dominion or just
referred to as Aldmeri Dominion Mar
Brook is a great place because
everything is in this little triangle
area here this little spot I'm showing
you right now is actually the
woodworking site and these are the other
sites where you'll need to deconstruct
everything so I'm gonna show you how to
make the most amount of money there's
the refuge and this everything is in a
closed tight proximity in this town
which makes it the best for making money
fast and doing it over and over again
okay so this footage is actually from
the Aldmeri Dominion it's in the town of
Marburg it doesn't matter where it's at
the footage is just showing you what to
do when you're stealing obviously
stealing is not that difficult for you
beginners make sure the eye is partially
closed or closed all the way and either
way it's got to say the word hidden you
can you can look at an item and see
what's in something like in a box even
if you're detected just as long as you
back out and don't steal it you won't
get trouble you know it's it's hard to
to get it perfect I'm trying to stand on
this and get close enough to it but one
of the reasons that I like being really
close to all the areas is because you're
gonna steal all these and then now
they're going to be stolen now you could
take those to the which makes sense
right you could take those to the refuge
and sell them but you can only sell so
many even if you buy up all the extra
upgrades you can only sell I think 140 a
day and then you have to wait 24 hours
so if you want to do it infinitely which
is what this video is all about you'll
take the stolen items and take them over
to the woodworking station the
blacksmithing station or the clothing
station and you'll deconstruct them and
those items that they give you are not
stolen you'll get you'll get hide and
rawhide that excuse me and you'll get
metal iron
and then you'll also get wood I guess
it's called sanded listen it would but
you'll see when I break him down but you
just want to steal everything and this
is similar to a video I've done in the
past but when I first did this video
about how to steal and make money
infinitely it was it was the first day
that the game had come out on console
and it wasn't a viable method to log out
and log back in because it was taking me
three four minutes to log in and log out
because the servers were so jacked up
and it was giving me some error message
this may take a while and it was so I
didn't really recommend that method yet
but now I do because the server's aren't
as convoluted and not everybody's trying
to get on there at once so once you get
done stealing everything you're gonna
want to log out of your character and
then just log back in and that's taking
right around 30 seconds to 45 seconds
much faster than it was before and now
I'm this is which is why I'm
recommending it now once you have all
the items stolen you're gonna your or
your fill and your inventory you're
going to want to take them over here to
the artisans area and that's where
you'll break everything down and
deconstruct them if the more inventory
spots you have the better so if you can
upgrade your inventory I've only
upgraded once on this character you
spend the money 400 coin or 4 gold is
well worth it for 10 more spots so
recommend doing at least the first
upgrade the second upgrade I think is
like two thousand gold somewhere in that
range so it gets kind of expensive but
it's worth it to crease your inventory I
happen to like this armor that I got
which is another good reason to steal so
I'm gonna put this armor on you can see
it's much better than what I have so I'm
gonna put this armor on and then I'm
gonna take it to the refuge not in this
video but later and then have it have it
laundered and then it won't be stolen
anymore so it's well worth it for the
four or five gold I need to spend
because that armor would be a lot more
expensive I bought it so now I've got
everything broken down it's just a quick
trip I'd even fill up my whole inventory
for this video but I just wanted to show
you an example there's 116 gold
there's jute and rawhide there's another
24 and then I incur it's probably about
140 something like that hundred 45 with
that $5.00 from the
the the other armorer but I also got
$100 item that I can sell to the refuge
later so really it netted me like 250
coin
it's just that I'll sell that other item
later so that's really it guys and I'm
just going to show you going back to the
same spot that all the items are gone
and then show you logging out and
logging back in that they come back
I wouldn't log out yet I would then go
visit the blacksmith which is the tent
over from this and go ahead and steal
all their shit before you have to log
out so that way you're not having to log
out over and over again you can at least
make a couple of trips before you need
to befor you need to log out but for for
for purposes of showing you how to do it
just log out log back in you know and
this is a thing I've done a lot of
people say well questing can make more
money in the later levels it can when I
played on PC it can make you more but if
you're under level 20 or so generally I
found this tool will stick you still
make you the most amount of money and it
also helps to bring up your
blacksmithing and clothing and
woodworking skills at the same time to
let you craft better items later so it
kills two birds with one stone yes later
levels you get some really awesome
weapons that will let that will drop and
then won't be stolen because they're
dropped by characters or NPCs but that's
again at higher levels so at the lower
levels of the game where you're really
grinding out this is still the best
method that I've found to make gold fast
and really you're exploiting the system
because you're logging out long back in
and then the items are there some will
say it's part of the game mechanics some
won't well I call it exploiting means
you're taking advantage every advantage
of what's given to you well that's it
guys I hope you enjoyed it I'm gonna do
a video on all three cities and all
three alliances so look for that it's
hard to do just one video because
obviously everybody's in a different
Alliance and you know they want to go
here well what about this Alliance what
about that I'm covering all of them and
you know this is the best way to do it
at a lower levels rather than questing
so thanks so much for watching you guys
have been awesome I love all you guys my
supporters have been excellent and let
me know what you want I started a Batman
series but it looks like it's
take off so if you want to see something
specific let me know and I'll get it
done for you so thanks so much for
everything this is what's my game
signing out have a great day
see